Text:
Shares hit by MS drug suspension Shares in Elan and Biogen Idec plunged on Monday as the firms suspended sales of new multiple sclerosis drug Tysabri after a patient's death in the US. On the New York Stock Exchange, shares in Ireland-based Elan lost 70% while US partner Biogen Idec shed 43%. The firms took action after the death from a central nervous system disease and a suspected case of the condition. The cases cited involved the use of both Tysabri and Avonex, Biogen Idec's existing multiple sclerosis drug. The companies said they have no reports of the rare condition - progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML) - in patients taking either Tysabri or Avonex alone. Tysabri was approved for use in the US last November and was widely tipped to become the world's leading multiple sclerosis treatment. "The companies will work with clinical investigators to evaluate Tysabri-treated patients and will consult with leading experts to better understand the possible risk of PML," the two firms said in a statement. "The outcome of these evaluations will be used to determine possible re-initiation of dosing in clinical trials and future commercial availability." Analysts had believed the product would provide a new growth opportunity for Biogen Idec, which had faced increased competition from rivals to Avonex. Elan, once the biggest firm on the Irish stock exchange, was also expected to receive a boost, from the new product. An inquiry into Elan's accounts in 2002 brought the group close to bankruptcy but the firm has been rebuilding itself since, with its share price increasing by almost four-fold last year. "Most of the value in the company was in Tysabri," said Ian Hunter at Goodbody Stockbrokers in Dublin. "Now there's a question mark over it." Elan finished down $18.90 at $8, while Biogen fell $28.63 to $38.65. - Shares in UK pharmaceutical firm Phytopharm closed down 19.84% at 151.5 pence on the London Stock Exchange on Monday, after it said a partner was set to pull out of a deal on an experimental Alzheimer's disease treatment. Phytopharm said Japan's Yamanouchi Pharmaceutical was likely to end a licensing agreement, prompting analysts to raise questions over the level of its future cash reserves.

Confidence: 0.9

Named Entities:
[{'name': 'Elan', 'job': 'Ireland-based company'}, {'name': 'Biogen Idec', 'job': 'US partner company'}, {'name': 'Ian Hunter', 'job': 'Analyst at Goodbody Stockbrokers'}]

April Events:
[{'event_date': 'April', 'title': 'Suspension of Tysabri Sales', 'description': "Elan and Biogen Idec suspended sales of multiple sclerosis drug Tysabri after a patient's death in the US, leading to significant stock price drops for both companies."}, {'event_date': 'April', 'title': 'Phytopharm Stock Decline', 'description': "Phytopharm's stock closed down after Japan's Yamanouchi Pharmaceutical indicated the end of a licensing agreement for an experimental Alzheimer's disease treatment."}]
