Text:
Lee to create new film superhero Comic book veteran Stan Lee is to team up with producer Robert Evans to create a movie featuring a new superhero. Foreverman will focus on a character who has to face problems in everyday life as well as using his special powers to save the world. Paramount Pictures, the studio behind the film, have revealed few details about the project but say it has the potential to spawn a series of films. Lee is best known for his work on Spider-Man and The Incredible Hulk. He is collaborating on the script with screenwriter Peter Briggs, who penned the recent comic book adaptation Hellboy. "We believe it to be truly a whole new franchise," said Gill Champion, president and chief executive of Lee's POW! Entertainment. "In this world where people are looking for something different, Stan's idea was to create a concept not seen before to become an evergreen franchise for Paramount." Many of Lee's other creations, including X-Men and Daredevil, have been turned into films in the past five years. However, the Spider-Man series has been the biggest box office hit, with the 2002 original and its 2004 sequel taking almost $1.6bn (£857m) worldwide. A third Spider-Man film is scheduled for release in 2007. Another Marvel Comics adaptation, The Fantastic Four, will be released in cinemas this summer.

Confidence: 0.95

Named Entities:
[{'name': 'Stan Lee', 'job': 'Comic book veteran'}, {'name': 'Robert Evans', 'job': 'Producer'}, {'name': 'Peter Briggs', 'job': 'Screenwriter'}, {'name': 'Gill Champion', 'job': 'President and Chief Executive of POW! Entertainment'}]

April Events:
[{'event_date': 'April', 'title': 'Foreverman Movie Creation', 'description': 'Stan Lee and producer Robert Evans team up to create a new superhero movie, Foreverman, focusing on a character with special powers facing everyday life problems to save the world. The film has the potential to spawn a series of movies and is a collaboration with screenwriter Peter Briggs. Paramount Pictures is behind the project, aiming to establish an evergreen franchise.'}, {'event_date': 'April', 'title': 'Spider-Man Series Success', 'description': "Stan Lee's Spider-Man series, among his other creations like X-Men and Daredevil, has been a major box office hit, with the original and its sequel grossing almost $1.6bn worldwide. A third Spider-Man film is set for release in 2007, continuing the success of Marvel Comics adaptations in cinema."}, {'event_date': 'April', 'title': 'Upcoming Marvel Comics Adaptations', 'description': 'The Fantastic Four, another Marvel Comics adaptation, is scheduled for release in cinemas this summer, adding to the lineup of successful comic book adaptations in the entertainment industry.'}]
